# Exercício 1 — Complete com do ou does
- DO you write code every day
- DOES the API return JSON?
- DO developers use Git?
- DOES she fix bugs?
- DOES the system process data?


- Do you like coffe?
- Do they play soccer on weekend?
- Do we have class today?
- Does she work at the hospital?
- Does he study english every day? 

# Exercício 2 — Complete com did
- Did you deploy yesterday?
- Did the server crash?
- Did they fix the bug?
- Did the API return an error?
- Did the system fail?

# Exercício 3 — Transforme em negativa
Exemplo:

We deploy on Friday → We don't deploy on Friday

Developers use SVN.
Developers don't use SVN.

The API returns XML.
The API don't return XML.

She writes backend code.
She doesn't write backend code.

The system stores passwords.
The system doesn"t store passwords.

The server processes requests.
The server doesn't processe passwords.

# Exercício 4 — Negativa no passado
Exemplo:

They deployed → They didn't deploy

We tested the system.
We didn't test the system.


The server restarted.
The server didn't restart.


She fixed the bug.
She didn't fix the bug.

They pushed the code.
They didn't push the code.

The API responded.
The API didn't respond.

# Exercício 5 — Transforme em pergunta
Exemplo:

You use Git → Do you use Git?

Developers use Docker.
Do developers use docker?

The server runs Linux.
Do the server run linux?

She writes documentation.
Does she write documentation?

They deploy applications.
Do they deploy applications?

The system stores data.
Does they system store data?

#Exercício 6
Escreva um pequeno texto sobre sua rotina de programação.

Hello, i'm Lucas, at this moment manager 